# The Cabinet File disk1.cab has an Invalid Digital Signature (Logic 1.x)

{% hint style="info" %}
This support article pertains to the older Logic 1.x software. We recommend using the newer [Logic 2 software](https://www.saleae.com/downloads/) to avoid this error.
{% endhint %}

When installing the older Logic 1.x software, the following error message may appear: "A file that is required cannot be installed because the cabinet file \[...]\disk1.cab has an invalid digital signature. This may indicate that the cabinet file is corrupt."

**Solutions**

* Download and install the newer [Logic 2 software](https://www.saleae.com/downloads/).
* Try redownloading the install file. In case the certificate was invalidated after downloading, it may be possible that simply downloading a new copy will fix this.
* Make sure the computer is up-to-date. That is good practice and is likely to resolve this issue.
* Use the standalone version of the Logic 1.x software. That allows you to skip the installation process, bypassing this issue. You can download the latest version of the standalone software below.

{% content-ref url="../../product/logic-software/legacy-software/older-software-releases.md" %}
[older-software-releases.md](../../product/logic-software/legacy-software/older-software-releases.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

**Contacting Support for Additional Help**

If none of the troubleshooting steps solve the problem, please [contact support](https://contact.saleae.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) and include the following information:

* Where you downloaded the Saleae software
* What version you are trying to install
* Version of Windows you are using (XP/Vista/7/8/10) and if it is 32-bit or 64-bit
* Designate if the computer is usually online or offline and if it is updated regularly
* A description or screenshot of the error message you are seeing
* Any other relevant information such as if the computer has custom security policies installed

**Why Am I Seeing This Error Message?**

Digital signatures are used to verify that a program or file has not been modified since the time it was signed by adding a verifiable signature that can only be generated by the holder of the security certificate.

At Saleae, we digitally sign our application, drivers, and installer individually.

We have been signing these components since the first time we released our software.

Prior to early 2016, we used a digital signature signing formula called "SHA-1." SHA-1 based signatures are being deprecated now due to vulnerabilities in the algorithm, which could potentially allow third parties to modify or replace parts of the signed file without invalidating the signature.

In order to comply with new limitations on Microsoft Windows, we upgraded our certificate and signing algorithm to SHA-256.

However, older versions of Windows do not support validating SHA-256 signatures.

To get around this issue, we started dual signing our application with both SHA-1 and SHA-256. That allows the software to be downloaded and installed on most Windows computers.
